Multiple idps (#205)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-api-task.adoc

+
. Above API Configuration, in Add Consumer Endpoint, optionally enter the public-facing URL for the API. For example, enter `+http://product.mydomain.com+`.
+

> . Browse to the bottom of the page and in *Managing Type*, choose Basic Endpoint or Endpoint with Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Managing Type* at the bottom on the page, select *Basic Endpoint* or *Endpoint with Proxy*.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> . Check the *Mule version* box if you want to manage API in Mule 4 or above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the *Mule version* box if you want to manage APIs in Mule 4 or later.
```
GLOBALLY change "below" and "above" in versions to "earlier" and "later," per Edit Tips and the style ref.

Author: Will do! Thanks!

> . In *Implementation URI*, optionally enter the URL of the site that hosts the API or accept the default, a dummy URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Implementation URI*, either enter the URL of the site that hosts the API or accept the default, a dummy URI.
```

Reviewer 2: The field is optional, so I don't think the suggestion is correct.

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
Typically, you accept the default. The URI is not required, and often unknown, at this point.
. From *Client provider*, select the IdP that you want to use to authenticate access to this API from registered client applications:
+

> image::create-instance-endpoint-midp.png[]

Reviewer 3: This screenshot does not follow the guidelines.

Author: Done! Thanks!

+

> If no client providers are set up for your environment and organization, this field is not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no client providers are set up for your organization, this field is not visible.
```

Author: No need both!

> * If you chose *Endpoint With Proxy*, select a proxy deployment target Cloudhub or Hybrid.

Reviewer: Select the NAME of a proxy deployment target in CloudHub, or *Hybrid*?

Author: Installation?

+
Hybrid is a product for managing servers. You need to register a server with Mule Agent 1.9.0 to deploy the API to a Mule 3.8 or later hybrid target.
+
If you choose Endpoint With Proxy, also accept the default Path `/` for the proxy endpoint, or enter another path. For example, changing the path to `/users` makes the REST call to the service at the implementation URI `+http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users+`.

> . Click *Save*, or optionally set advanced options, and then save.

Reviewer: I would make this two steps: optionally seting advanced options, and then clicking *Save*.

Author: Done! thanks!

. In Advanced Options, optionally assign an instance label for the proxy, or accept the label, and set a response timeout.

> . Click *ADD A TAG* to enter a tag name, such as Released, to signal the status of an API Version to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *ADD A TAG* to enter a tag name, such as `Released`, to signal the status of an API version to users.
```

Reviewer: Is the label ADD A TAG really in allcaps?

Author: Yes, Done! Thanks!
